W-22143873-websocket-limit-connection (#1052)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-directory.adoc

| xref:policies-included-traffic-management-route.adoc[Traffic Management for Multiple Upstream Services] | Quality of Service | Manages API instance traffic to multiple upstream services from a single consumer endpoint
| xref:policies-included-traffic-management.adoc[Traffic Management for Multiple Upstream Services (Weighted)] | Quality of Service | Manages API instance traffic to multiple upstream services from a single consumer endpoint, using weighted percentages
| xref:policies-included-tls.adoc[Transport Layer Security (TLS) - Inbound] | Security | Enables authentication between a client and the API proxy

> | xref:policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[WebSocket Connection Limit] | Quality of Service | Caps how many simultaneous WebSocket upgrades each API instance accepts before Flex Gateway rejects new upgrade attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[WebSocket Connection Limit] | Quality of Service | Limits the number of simultaneous WebSocket connections that each API instance allows
```
